h1. "jright":https://github.com/arnaud/jright - custom contextual menus with  native look&feel

jright is a jQuery plugin that enables using custom contextual menus with a native look&feel.

h2. Demo

Check @dist/demo.html@

h2. Usage

Add the following lines just before your @</head>@ tag:

bc. <link href="jrc/styles/all.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1/jquery.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="jright/jquery.client.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<!--[if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="jright/selectivizr.js"></script>
<![endif]-->
<script src="jright/jquery.jright.min.js" type="text/javascript">jQuery(function($) { $('#menu').jright() })</script>

Then create your customized menu:

bc. <ul id="menu" class="jright">
  <li class="disabled sep"><span>jright menu</span></li>
  <li><span>Embed&hellip;</span></li>
  <li class="sub"><span>Share</span>
    <ul>
      <li><span>Facebook</span></li>
      <li><span>Twitter</span></li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li class="sub"><span>Download</span>
    <ul>
      <li class="disabled"><span>Soon&hellip;</span></li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

h2. Options

The basic usage is this one-liner:

bc. $('#menu').jright();

But options can be passed as arguments:

h3. @style@

The style can be defined in the options.

bc. $('#menu').jright({
  style: 'win.seven'
});

@style@ being either:
* @native@: the current OS is read so that the corresponding style will be used ;
* @inherit@: classes of clicked elements define the style that will be used (multiple styles can then be used within a single page) ;
* a specific style: @mac@, @win.xp@, @win.seven@&hellip;

h2. Build

Building jright consists in two actions:

* Compiling the stylesheets from the SASS format to CSS
* Minifying the script

Prerequisites:

* "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/
* "Compass":http://compass-style.org/

Then just run @make@.

h2. License

jright is open source and is licensed under the "MIT license":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License.
